Idiot. You keep trying to sell us all this junk. We're not buying any more of your friends.
Hey Elmo. Man, you deserve an Oscar. A broke guy like you trying to act rich in front of me.
I just don't know how to help out. What makes you so confident?
See what I mean? Look at this moron. My father is the vice president of Raven Ham Otto.
I am the direct head of R&D. In case you don't know what that is, it's researching development.
That factory is the lifeline of this town. I am confident because everyone respects us.
Wow. Not bad. See, you think you're funny. You won't be laughing for long.
Don't? You will apologize to Andrew or no one will be able to save you.
You know Doris, I hate to say this. Because if you want to help this man, you'll have him.
Apologize to me. Are you insane?
You've got to death with disrespecting Andrew. You know, you got some nerve.
I think it's time to teach you a lesson. Mr. and Mrs. Baker, I apologize to the fans with this respect.
If you and your daddy want you to get a rating in on them, you're going to fucking apologize to me right now. You fucking got it.
First off, please, Philip. Philip didn't mean any disrespect. Please just let him go. Don't hurt him.
I'm calling my security right now. They'll teach you a lesson.
No. Enough. We're here to spend Christmas together. Let's have something to eat.
Anyone who is not hungry can get up and lean.
Grandpa's right. Grandpa's right. This was just a huge misunderstanding. Let's just let's all call down and let's go have Christmas dinner.
You have got to stop saying crazy things. Listen. I'm worried about you.
I know. I'm sorry.
Oh, Draven. Try this wine as the top tier vintage from Freya Vangers. It's been 20 minutes. He can get it out myself.
This is an excellent wine. Oh my God. Andrew is the best. Each bottle of Freya Vinger cost $100,000.
This is a rare treat indeed. Thank you so much for sharing with us, Andrew. Oh my God. This taste.
Grandpa, what's wrong? What did you add to this sauce?
Uh, just some cheap wine that Philip brought.
Are you insane? Do you realize what you've done?
Oh, what the hell?
This is probably one of the wine.
Oh my God. I knew we should have thrown away this cheap stuff. We're probably all going to get food poisoning.
Stop. This is a rare vintage from Freya Vignards.
I had this 20 years ago at the governor's house. It's an unforgettable taste. I would recognize it anywhere.
But how is this possible? Draven, that bottle said whole vineyards, not Freya.
This is from their century old vineyard. One bottle costs a million dollars.
The president would have a hard time to get access to this wine. And what did you do to add the sauce?
What? What about all the other stuff that Philip brought?
Bring them to me now.
I signed the donation agreement already and they wired me ten bucks. They're coming to pick it up next week.
This approach is made of pure diamonds. That alone makes it priceless. The craftsmanship alone.
And this porcelain. This porcelain, I've only seen it once before.
And it was in the private collection of a corporate CEO. It belongs in a museum.
Did Philip give all of this to you?
I knew he was the best, but how can he afford all of these?
Oh, my head.
Grandpa?
Caroline.
Could you please take me up to my room? I'm feeling faint.
I've been weak.
I'm feeling weak.
As much as possible, how could you have the money to buy such expensive gifts?
You know, Dora, I'm really happy that you're starting to realize that.
And so don't believe that you could afford this.
How did you manage to get these?
Wait, did you? Did you steal these?
Nick!
I'm saying that it's insulting.
Could Caroline.
Caroline.
Do not listen to this guy's shit.
Hold on, everybody.
I just realized that brush looks really familiar.
The plant manager at Ravenham Auto, Pharaoh, she had a brush just like that.
And she was going to have Joseph give it to the president of the Horton Group.
Give me the brush.
I'm going to fix it.
I'm going to fix it and fix it and fix it and see.
That is the brush that you have prepared.
Which means that Philip is going to stole the gift from the present of the Horton Group.
Oh, you scum.
I should have known.
You are such a scumbag.
I should have known I can't believe you did this.
You idiot.
If Pharaoh finds out we are done for.
You filthy thief.
Why don't you just tire him?
Did he really steal the brush from Pharah?
Wait.
Listen.
You guys.
You got it all wrong.
Yeah.
No.
That is definitely the brush that Pharaoh prepared.
Caroline.
Why are you still defending him?
This filthy guy has been lying to you.
Okay.
Enough.
All right.
Listen.
I have not received the chance to reveal myself and you're going to treat me like this at a family dinner?
That's ridiculous.
Still acting?
What are you?
The president of the Horton Group?
Heroines.
You stole the view.
I have never cared about the money.
It has never been about that.
Hold on a second.
No, but I can't stand the thought of you lying and stealing.
Tell me this isn't true.
You're really good.
They're lying.
If you can't be honest with me, then maybe it is better that we get it for us.
No.
Listen.
I can't hear.
Do you find out the truth about me?
I'm not lying.
You need to force me.
You've nothing but nonsense since you got here.
What I'm telling you to do.
Oh my god.
We cannot let miss you and see this thing with those gifts.
We will never be able to explain it.
Get him out of here.
Now.
Take him out through the back door.
Caroline.
You can believe me.
When you find out who I am, who you do.
Shut up.
Go.
Christmas music, you wig.
Thank you.
Caroline.
I had exciting news for you.
Thanks to a very concerned gentleman.
You have just been promoted head of public relations of Ravenham, all of you.
That's really surprising.
No need to be a modest Caroline.
You're very deserving of this.
And as for the gentleman who's been looking out for you and who helped you get this.
Well.
We all know who that is.
Oh, hey.
Awesome.
Thank you.
I'm honored.
Thank you so much.
I only mentioned Caroline's name.
I didn't know that you would promote her so soon.
Thank you for your trust and support.
We won't let you down.
No way.
Oh, Andrew.
Thank you so much.
You are the shining star, the bigger family.
Thank you.
Thank you, Andrew.
I'm just, I'm not sure that I'm comfortable with this.
No Caroline.
You are the most deserving person for this position.
Actually, I've been needing to ask you.
Where is your husband, Mr. Edwards?
You know, Philip, you know him?
Of course.
You're so modest.
I know you're Philip Edwards' wife.
Just wondering why you never mentioned it before.
I is Miss Ewing, so interested in Philip.
What does she want with him?
She must know that Philip stole the gift.
She's nasty, guys.
Dude, Philip!
He's tracking his turn again.
Oh.
No.
What is going on here?
Where is Mr. Edwards?
I thought he was coming here to have dinner with you tonight.
No.
Oh, Miss Ewing up your own.
We don't know each other.
Caroline is not married to him.
What?
Mom, what are you talking about?
Caroline doesn't know any Philip.
If Caroline had a husband, it would be Andrew.
Andrew?
Oh, yeah.
Andrew is a big admirer of Caroline.
If things go well, they'll be married very soon.
Oh, yes.
Miss Ewing.
Andrew and Caroline, it is perfect couple.
Oh, my God.
Do you even know what you're talking about?
Caroline is Mr. Edward White.
And that I am sure are.
Oh, um, we know that Philip stole the Christmas gifts.
And Caroline is going to divorce him.
And so we sent him off to the police station
and we are gonna make sure he's dropping here.
The police station?
You sent him to the police?
Oh, my God.
This very Ewing seemed very upset.
What did we do?
I stole from her.
Now she hates us too.
God, Philip, he deserves a bullet in his fucking head.
You know, my brother Waylon works at the police station.
I already told him to teach that son of a bitch unless he.
No.
Mom, you shouldn't have said those things.
I am married to Philip and I have nothing to do with Andrew.
Why are you still defending that worthless husband?
We are doing this for your future.
You deserve a better man.
Yeah.
Caroline.
Mother knows best.
A thousand times better than that loser.
Why don't you understand?
I'm going to get Philip.
Damn it.
My brother Nick told me to make sure you got what's coming to you, Philip.
Can you tell me how you steal such expensive items?
From Miss Vara Ewing?
I didn't steal anything.
And you're going to have a lot of problems when you realize that you're holding me here without any evidence.
You think I respect you because I'm being civil?
You're a piece of trash.
I could beat you to death and nothing will come out of it.
Here.
Sign this confessional.
If you cooperate, I might let you go home for Christmas.
And what if I refuse?
You're going to make me get violent.
It's Christmas, so don't blame me for not showing any family loyalty.
I can kill you right here and nobody would care.
One, going to give you one last chance because we're family.
Put down the gun or you're going to face some consequences.
You're not going to lie to me.
Are you threatening me?
Well, we have a problem outside.
What is it? I'm here.
Why are you shooting Burt?
This is serious.
Okay, spin it out. What is it?
Ms. Farah Ewing, the president of Ravenham auto plants.
She's outside. She's here.
What?
Let's go give her a warm welcome there.
Ms. Ewing, what are you doing here on this fine holiday?
What are you doing?
This piece of trash is going to steal the presents if you prepare for the president.
Don't worry.
I was just about to get it out of him.
He was denying it, but I'm about to teach him a lesson.
He's got the balls to steal from you.
I'll make a pay.
Whalen, dude, I applaud your effort, but you better start thinking about how you're going to get on your hands and knees and beg me for mercy.
You're still running your mouth.
I can end you right here, cocksucker!
Man, things are about to get a little messy.
I suggest you wait outside so you don't have to see it.
You idiot!
Man, what was that for?
You want to know why?
You just disrespected the president of the Wharton group.
I should put a bullet in your head.
Him? He's the president?
No, I told you that you were going to regret this. Do you remember that?
Sir, I'm so sorry. I should have gotten here sooner. I'll make sure this is handled properly.
You know, it was good that you got here late because I was able to witness these two dumbasses make a fool out of themselves.
Or should I say?
Mr. Ed, please forget me. Please, I'm sorry. I was too stupid to recognize who you were.
For this sake of family!
You want to talk about family now? You were just trying to put a gun to my head and shoot me, right?
Please inform both these gentlemen's family that they're going to be going on a little business trip for a long time.
Yes, sir.
Wait!
So look, Edwards? Cody, right?
You're the Wharton group.
Yes, sir. What are you doing out here near the police dishes?
Ravenham Auto is applying for a $10 million project. I'm here to assess it.
I heard that you were arrested so I immediately came out to find out what was going on, and to basically ask,
who had the audacity to disrespect you?
Just a bunch of fools. Realize for me.
Hey, I named you to listen to the investments at the auto plants, and I think there's some fools that are trying to get the best of us.
Absolutely, sir. In fact, I've seen some discrepancies in the reports.
I have a hunch, I have a feeling that that Bob, who's the Deputy Director, is moving funds out of the company.
Deputy Director Bob. Yes.
Cody, I want you to throw a Christmas party this afternoon, and I want you to invite Bob. I'm going to make a fool out of him.
Can you do that?
Absolutely, sir.
Caroline!
Carol, she skipped family gathering to come looking for me. God, she's still that adorable.
What are you doing here? I thought you were getting a dress.
I heard your husband stole something that was meant for the Wharton Group President.
I can't believe this is happening. Carol, are you okay?
Philip and I got into a fight, and I really regret it.
I know they're saying that he stole something, but I just can't believe that, and I'm sure that there's an mistake.
I just want you to know you deserve better.
Look at the Wharton Group President. He bought his wife's such amazing guess.
She must be over the moon.
What the hell are you doing, buddy? You trying to get yourself killed?
Philip, my old friend. How are you?
Bowen!
Very nice to see you. You know, you should be thankful that I didn't get hurt.
You'd be the one that gets killed.
Damn, Philip.
I'm sure you got all those days in high school, but you know that doesn't mean shit now.
One call from me, and you won't know it hit you.
Oh, so you don't want to apologize now, and you're going to continue to act tough?
Yeah. So what?
I've got the money. I've got the power. I've got everything to beat.
Look at you. So horrible today.
Do you know who I am now?
I'm the head mechanic at Ravenhand Auto Group, and I've got dozens of men working under me,
and if you don't keep your mouth shut, well, I'll just have them beat you senseless.
You know, from one small-town thug to another one.
Impressive.
Should I applaud you?
Fuck you. You have no idea what's coming to you.
What? The Christmas party tomorrow? Everyone's gone?
Even Andrew?
Perfect. I was planning on dropping Andrew's gifts off pretty soon.
Yeah, I'm hoping he can give me the new contract for the new Auto Repair Project.
They're applying for 10 million from the Wharton Group.
Look. You're lucky. I have bigger sister.
But next time I see you, you will be banking.
CRM.
Imagine how bad will it feel when I be from the boss's way, and you're still stuck with that loser.
I know that your boss is like the best, but let's not forget that he's married, okay?
He cares. Oh, by the way, did you hear the auto plant is hosting us this afternoon?
Maybe the big boss will be there. You have to meet him.
He's rich, handsome. He's got the whole package.
Even if I don't meet him at the party, I will definitely see him at the bank, right?
Okay. You're right. I'm just so hyped. I need to go pick out the dress. I'll see you later.
Okay.
Caroline, I'm out. You see? I told you. I didn't steal anything.
And I am still the honorable man that you've found number.
Are you hurt?
No.
If there did come to rescue you and bring the cops and make clear everything out.
It's good.
I'm not going to be happy if something like this happens again.
I promise that I'm always going to stay by your side and I'm going to bring you in life.
So, I'm in happiness, joy, and comfort. Okay.
Let's go home. Yes. I'll get capitalist.
So, I can introduce you. He's an old friend of mine. I'll ask him if you are a job.
Cornell, actually, I don't really need end of discussion. Just do it.
Cody. Oh, hi. I'll just go on through some files. I'll be at the party later.
What's that? You coming to inspect us?
Yes. I've reviewed the proposal you've submitted for the new project.
We need to verify its viability before improving any funds.
Oh, no problem. As it happens, we having us, uh, Christmas party this afternoon.
And you're more than welcome to stop by and join us.
Dad, the fact that Cody called you versus that affair, that says it all.
The Horton Group values you more than her.
Well, I've been with that factory for years and years and I've built a solid reputation.
And, you know, Cody's just coming here to inspect us.
And, uh, if the funds go through, we're looking at a billion dollars.
A billion? Dad, we just gave them a hundred.
I know what you're thinking, that's stopping. Ten million be just fine.
Subtle. And I like it.
And when you replace Paris, the auto plant manager, and I've become your deputy,
will be in touch. No one in Ravenham will dare mess with us.
Who is that? Oh, that's Cor now.
We're all buddies. He keeps begging me to give his son a large job.
It's, it's, it's, it's.
What an idiot. He still hasn't ditched that loser.
I mean, you think by now that he would realize that his daughter's not going to be happy with anyone from me.
You still haven't won her over yet.
It's just a matter of time, okay?
Soon enough, she'll realize that her husband is nothing compared to me.
Hey, you should get that with Cody. I want to hit some party, okay?
Oh, look at that.
Oh, babe, I have to take a phone call. I won't meet you in that.
Two seconds. Two. Two.
Cody. Yeah, hey, I'm at the party.
I need you to look into the embezzlement of the auto group project.
Can you do that for me?
Yes, and, and listen, I also need, I'm going to need you to go
through every single contract that had ever been brought.
And there is a specific piece.
They have life.
Okay, all right.
I'll, uh, for you guys.
There's so many life.
Hi! I love life.
Hey, which one's life?
Is there more? Oh, okay.
Hold it.
This ain't for you, you piece of shit.
I'm sorry.
Wouldn't you say?
Are you deaf or something?
I said this positive for Andrew, hands off.
It is our company's party, the food should be different.
That's not for you.
You are sucking up to Andrew.
Shut the hell up, buddy.
Wayne's so Andrew gets you and puts you in your place.
I don't got the answers.
We are going to go read it, Andrew, for the gift right now.
Okay?
Don't touch the pie.
Andrew, you're early.
You shouldn't have opened your card, or you should have waited for me.
Really diffs.
I prepared, especially for you, these Christmas gifts.
Plus a private lounge with some gourmet treats.
Enjoyed the celebration?
Yeah.
Good job, boy.
Why'd you come by yourself?
I stopped by your place to pick you up.
Oh, you did not mean to do that.
Hey.
I'm happy to do anything for you.
You know, I think you should fucking watch yourself.
Hello.
You came with Caroline.
This party is for our factory employees only.
You don't even work here.
Andrew, if Philip is my husband, family members are welcome.
Even if they are, they are rules.
He's so broke, he makes this place dirty just by being here.
Andrew.
What?
Get lost.
You don't belong at this Christmas party.
You heard him?
Andrew said...
Ah!
Ah, look at me!
Bowen.
Right?
Yeah.
It's Christmas.
I don't think you want me to sit here and beat the fucking shit out of you.
Just as I thought.
You're a low-life thug.
Philip, you're even worse than I gave you credit for.
If it weren't for Caroline here and my respect for, I'd have you arrested.
But you can leave now.
I think you should leave.
Me?
Please?
Okay.
So maybe you forgot.
This is the Ravenham auto plant.
I am the head of R&D and my father is the vice president.
Let's see.
Did I forget anything?
Oh, yes.
You're a thief.
And nobody wants you around.
What is going on?
Caroline's husband is a thief.
If Andrew said so, it must be true.
Just look at him.
He looks shady as hell.
Gross.
Hold on, everyone.
Sorry.
There had been a mistake.
Caroline.
I know your kind.
But stop trying to protect the thief of a husband.
Exactly.
Caroline.
You know what we all saw.
How could it be a mistake?
Quit trying to defend him.
I would love to know what you saw.
Let's see.
It was a million dollar bottle of champagne.
An expensive fruit.
And a porcelain dish that you couldn't possibly afford unless of course you won the lottery.
But we all know that didn't happen.
You know, I'm really starting to feel sorry for you.
So if there's anything you want at this park.
Just name it.
You can take it home and consider this charity.
Say it again.
Let him go, you son of a bitch.
It's okay, Bowen.
I got it.
Do you want to hit me?
You're pathetic.
You're just a thief and a beggar.
Yeah, I said it.
Now what?
Andrew.
If you didn't want us here.
You could have told us not to come.
There is no need to be so nasty.
So look, we don't want to be here.
Anyone.
Just go.
You know, you all are a bunch.
But to be here.
To be walking around here like your king.
Something.
Trouble's coming your way.
Thank you, sir.
Cool.
You're finally here.
Bob, great to see you.
From the way he's talking, this project is a done deal.
If I can land it, I'll be the hero of the planet.
With Wharton Group backing me up, I'll finally take over as a plant manager.
Absolutely.
Right this way.
Me apologize?
I've never seen someone so stupid.
You're going to be the one apologizing.
My father gets here.
He's going to have you on your knees begging for me.
You and your father don't mean shit to me.
Keep my father's name on children.
You, Idi.
You have no idea what Bob Smith means to Ravenham.
You're a dead man walking.
What's up?
Do you want me to take a good job?
Thanks for reminding me Caroline.
Your husband's a joke.
It's Christmas and he asked Daddy to get him a job.
Ha ha ha ha.
Phil, you're such an embarrassment.
You know, if I told you what I'd do, you'd piss yourself.
I piss myself.
Are you serious?
You have symptoms.
I'm going to give you one last joke.
You get on your hands and you'll apologize.
Go ahead.